README.md, before:

# HKLibrary Backend Project #
This project serves as the backend for a web application designed for a bookshop. Administrators are able to create and edit books, authors, and genres. Additionally, they can list the buy orders received from their clients via the frontend.

For more information about the frontend side of the web application, visit the following repository: [HKLibrary Frontend Project](https://github.com/JanoALockhart/ProyectoReactLibreria2023)


## Try the Application
You can access the deployed version of the application [here](https://proyecto-laravel-libreria2023.vercel.app/). Use the following credentials to login into the system.

### Credentials
- **Email:** admin@iaw.com
- **Password:** admin123

## Technologies Used

![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?logo=laravel&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?logo=php&logoColor=white) 
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-%2338B2AC.svg?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23323330.svg?logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postgres-%23316192.svg?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) 
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?logo=supabase&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-%23000000.svg?logo=vercel&logoColor=white)


The application was developed using the **Laravel** framework for **PHP**. The user interface was built using **Blade** templating engine, complemented with **TailwindCSS**, **Bootstrap**, and **JavaScript**.
 
For saving data and images, the project utilizes a 
database created using **Postgres** and hosted on **Supabase** and an image storage provided by **Cloudinary**. In addition, the application integrates with **Mercado Pago**'s payment service to generate invoices for purchases confirmed through the frontend.

**Vercel** was used to deploy and host the application.

## Credits
This project was made by: 
- [Pacioni, Dueñas Nahuel](https://github.com/NahuelDP8)
- [Lockhart, Jano Axel](https://github.com/JanoALockhart) 

as part of the coursework for *Ingeniería de Aplicaciones Web* at *[Universidad Nacional del Sur](https://uns.edu.ar/)*.

Commit message:

Added link to the API documentation

README.md, after:

# HKLibrary Backend Project #
This project serves as the backend for a web application designed for a bookshop. Administrators are able to create and edit books, authors, and genres. Additionally, they can list the buy orders received from their clients via the frontend.

For more information about the frontend side of the web application, visit the following repository: [HKLibrary Frontend Project](https://github.com/JanoALockhart/ProyectoReactLibreria2023)


## Try the Application
You can access the deployed version of the application [here](https://proyecto-laravel-libreria2023.vercel.app/). Use the following credentials to login into the system.

### Credentials
- **Email:** admin@iaw.com
- **Password:** admin123

## Technologies Used

![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?logo=laravel&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?logo=php&logoColor=white) 
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-%2338B2AC.svg?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23323330.svg?logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postgres-%23316192.svg?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) 
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?logo=supabase&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-%23000000.svg?logo=vercel&logoColor=white)


The application was developed using the **Laravel** framework for **PHP**. The user interface was built using **Blade** templating engine, complemented with **TailwindCSS**, **Bootstrap**, and **JavaScript**.
 
For saving data and images, the project utilizes a 
database created using **Postgres** and hosted on **Supabase** and an image storage provided by **Cloudinary**. In addition, the application integrates with **Mercado Pago**'s payment service to generate invoices for purchases confirmed through the frontend.

**Vercel** was used to deploy and host the application.

### API
This project provides an API for the frontend side. You can check the API's documentation [here](https://proyecto-laravel-libreria2023.vercel.app/rest/v1/documentation).

## Credits
This project was made by: 
- [Pacioni, Dueñas Nahuel](https://github.com/NahuelDP8)
- [Lockhart, Jano Axel](https://github.com/JanoALockhart) 

as part of the coursework for *Ingeniería de Aplicaciones Web* at *[Universidad Nacional del Sur](https://uns.edu.ar/)*.
